Welcome to the house. We're so glad you
joined us today. Choosing to tune in to
this sermon was not by accident. And I
believe God has a word just for you.
>> That's right. God is always using the
people of this house to speak his word.
So whether you're watching from across
the street or maybe you are across the
world, you are not just a viewer. You
are our family
>> and we believe that worship doesn't have
walls and experiencing the goodness of
God's spirit doesn't always require a
commute.
>> So, are you ready to join us as we
fellowship and unite in spirit and in
truth? I want your hearts to be open
because we are going to encounter God
together.
>> Amen. We see you. We love you. And we
believe this word is going to change
your life.
Exodus chapter 17 verse 1-6. It is so
good to see you this morning.
It's just good to see you.
You didn't have to be here this morning.
I didn't have to be here this morning.
But God was good enough to let our
moments roll on.
You ought to say yes. Somebody,
>> we're going to start reading at the
first verse of the 17th chapter of the
book of Exodus.
The book of Exodus describes the exit of
the children of Israel out from the
bondage of the Egyptians where they had
been oppressed for 400 years. They had
lived in Egypt for 430 years. The first
30 years they were not oppressed.
But when Joseph died and another Pharaoh
came in, a Pharaoh that knew not Joseph
nor his God, he be to oppress him.
People will change on you, won't they?
>> And they lived in oppression for 400
years. I know you can't imagine 400
years. I can't either. That's a long
time to live up under oppression. And
they had almost forgotten who they were,
>> their customs, their ceremonies, their
language, their rituals. But they cried
unto God
>> in a haphazard way,
>> not knowing fully what to call him, h
how to use his name, how to stand on his
word. But he heard the cry. He told
Moses, "I have heard the cry of my
children. Go down into Egypt and tell
Pharaoh to let my people go." God was
gonna release somebody in here today. I
feel it. I feel it. I feel it. I feel
it. God's gonna release somebody in here
today. And so they they left out of
Egypt going into the promised land by
way of the desert.
>> God doesn't always let you choose what
route he takes you to deliver you. It's
not always comfortable. It's not always
convenient. is not always cool. And just
because you get out of one trouble don't
mean you won't have to face another one.
>> And so they got out of one kind of hell
to run into another one. Now they're
going through the desert and it is
scorching hot during the day, hot enough
to die in the walk during the day. And
it is freezing cold at night. But they
were free.
But they were free.
>> Look at somebody say, "I still got
problems."
>> But I'm free.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Everything is not going right, but I'm
free. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My money's kind
of funny, but I'm free.
My husband walked out on me, but I'm
free.
My my my my my parents are sick, but I'm
free. My refrigerator's half full, but
I'm free. And I have learned whatever
state I'm in, therewith to be content.
That's maturity. When you can praise God
when everything isn't quite right.
We interject into the experience at a
time and at a moment that they are
adjusting to a new reality.
And I I chose this text. I believe the
Lord put it on my heart because we are
adjusting
to a new reality.
It's not that the past was perfect, but
now we have a new kind of problem to
fight. And it's going to take a new kind
of ingenuity, a new kind of wisdom, a
new kind of power to be able to deal
with it. And Moses is trying to lead a
people who are one displaced
and two confused
and three frustrated
and they're not sure of their leader
and they're not sure of themselves
and they're not sure of God
because they had not walked with him
long enough. See, you have to walk
through God through a whole lot of
situations
to be sure of God. Anybody can be sure
of God when all the bills are paid and
your body's feeling good and your
kidneys are working right and you got no
cancer. But when all hell is breaking
loose, the devil has a tendency to say,
"Where is your God now?" Am I talking
right to somebody in here?
And the verse one says, "And all the ch
and all the congregation of the children
of Israel journeyed from the wilderness
of sin after their journeys according to
the commandment of the Lord and pitched
in Refiddm, which was a little camp in
the wilderness, and there was no water
for the people to drink.
Wherefore, because of the fact that
there was no water for them to drink,
the people did chide with Moses. See,
whenever things get tight, people get
nasty.
I I better not start into this text. I'm
going to start something. See, the
reason there's so much vitriol in this
country right now is that things have
tightened up a little bit. And when
people get tight, they need somebody to
blame.
So, so they want to blame this folk and
that folk and this person and that
person. And so they begin to blame Moses
and to begin to pick on him and chide
him and said, "Give us water that we may
drink." And Moses said unto them, "Why
chide ye with me?" Haven't you ever
wanted to say that with to somebody?
Let me translate it into Ebani. Why you
fooling with me?
You want some of this?
Don't start nothing. Won't be nothing.
Don't make the nice man mad.
Why? Why chide ye with me? Wherefore do
ye tempt the Lord? If you tide with me,
you tempt God.
>> If you mess with me,
>> you mess with God.
You may think I'm in here by myself, but
I I'm surrounded by God all around me.
And the people thirsted there for water.
>> And the people murmured against Moses.
Those two things go together. Thirst and
gossip.
>> Thirst and murmuring. See, when when you
are satisfied, a whole lot of things
don't stick to you. But when you are not
satisfied in your own life, you have a
tendency to be cynical
>> uh to be condescending,
>> to be acrimonious,
to have the kind of attitude and
disposition that you are hard to get
along with. You have to understand then
that when people are mean to you, they
are mad at themselves.
>> I'm preaching. I'm preaching and I'm
just reading the text. Lord have mercy.
Let me go on about my business. They
murmured against Moses and said,
"Wherefore is this that thou has brought
us up out of Egypt?" Now they they was
in slavery,
>> so anything's got to be a upgrade
to kill us and our children and our
cattle with thirst. And Moses cried unto
the Lord. You can say things that make
men of God cry unto God.
You can say things that make women of
God cry unto God. And when they cry unto
God, something is going to happen.
He He said, "What shall I do unto this
people? They be almost ready to stone
me." Amen.
>> And the Lord said unto Moses, "Go on
before the people, and take with thee of
the elders of Israel, and thy rod,
wherewith thou smotest the river. Take
in thy hand, and go. Take your rod, and
go in front of the people. Behold, I
will send I will stand before thee there
upon the rock in Horeb, and thou shalt
smite the rock." I want you to pay
attention to that. I want you to take
your rod and smite
>> the rock.
>> Lord, they thirsty. Why you got me
hitting rocks?
>> Have you ever had God give you an answer
that didn't make no sense?
>> You you you talking to him about the
rent and he's telling you to give water
to the puppy.
Sometimes God will command you to do
something that don't seem like it has
nothing to do with your situation. But
he said, "I want you to smite the rock."
That's why when pastor was talking about
obedience, he was really hitting on
something. Sometimes God will tell you
something that don't make sense to you.
It passes all understanding.
You can't stand under it, but you got to
obey it.
>> Smite the rock. Take your rod, take your
stick, and hit the rock, and there shall
come water out of it. Oh, I could dance
right there.
>> Cuz I never I've never seen a rock that
was supposed to be a water cooler. But
but God said, "If you if you obey me,
I'll make things that's not supposed to
bless you."
Let me tell y'all, if you obey me, I'll
give you jobs that you're not supposed
to have.
If you obey me, I'll give you the kind
of spouse that make folks jealous when
you walk in. And they say, "What is she
doing with him?" God God said, "I'm
going to bring water out of it that the
people may drink." And Moses did so in
the sight of the elders of Israel. Can
you say, "Amen?"
>> Amen. I'm I'm interested in that. Take
your rod and smite the rock. And my
subject this morning, remain standing.
I'm going to pray. But my subject this
morning is sticks and stones.
Sticks
and stones.
My God, I feel something in this place.
Spirit of the living God, fall fresh in
this place right now. I thank you for
what you're going to do. Move in the
midst of your people. Great God that you
are. In the mighty name of Jesus, we
pray. Somebody shout thunderously,
"Amen."
>> You may be seated.
Oh, y'all sound like the potter's house.
You sound like the potter's house.
Somebody shout, "Amen."
Good.
I have been in Dallas for the last 30
years. I was raised in Charleston, West
Virginia.
I am 69 years old come June.
I have been preaching for nearly 50
years. It'll be 50 years in September.
50 years of preaching the gospel of
Jesus Christ.
But when I was a boy, I grew up on the
side of a hill in the area we call
Vanelia in Charleston, West Virginia.
And our house was the last house before
the hill dropped over the cliff. And so
we would from time to time uh go play.
Now, I cannot remember a toy that I had
that plugged up.
I I know y'all don't understand this. I
I I'm going to say that again. I cannot
remember
a a toy I had that plugged up no
Nintendos, no nothing. No, no, no
laptops, no nothing like that. I might
have got a train set one time, but most
of it most of it didn't plug up. Most of
it didn't have battery. In fact, we had
very few toys that came out the store.
You You might get a plastic train, you
know, that you could run back and forth
with. My sister would get a dog baby or
something like that, but most of the
time mama would send us out with no toys
and she would tell us, "Go outside and
play."
Now, you don't hear too many mamas
telling their children to go outside and
play today because they especially in
Dallas cuz it's hot outside.
But the reason we didn't mind going
outside to play is because it was hot
inside.
I'mma talk to y'all. They bougie over
there. Let me
when the house is hot, it's a different
kind of hot from the hot outside
cuz at least a little breeze will blow
every now and then or you can get up
under a tray a shade tree. But when that
house gets to smoking and you start
feeling like a turkey and you start
basting in your own juices,
it was hot in the house. It was hot in
the house. There were there there were
no there was no air conditioning for a
long time and there was just a fan. One
would be turned this way and one would
be turned the other way and they were
trying to be scientific, you know, to to
get a breeze to blow through the house
and and that was normal.
>> Last year the power went out in Dallas
and I almost had a fit.
I said, "Oh, God, if you don't turn this
electricity back on, I'm going to die
right where I am."
And then I it occurred to me, "Fool, you
was raised in a hot house.
I had forgotten where I came from.
I had forgotten what God had done. I had
forgotten how to withstand discomfort.
And a few days of discomfort didn't
compare to decades of living in that hot
house. It was so hot we got where we
didn't pay no attention.
Hot was normal. My neighbor's house was
hot.
The the pages that lived up the street,
their house was hot. Miss Hutcherson's
house was hot. Everybody Miss Timberle's
house was hot. Everybody on the street
lived in a house that was hot. And we
still sang and we still got along. And
we still had fun. And we still had life.
And we still got up in the morning. And
we were still brothers and sisters. And
we're still together today in spite of
the heat. Everything doesn't have to go
your way
for you to have peace. Mama sent us
outside to play with. I already told you
no kind of toys or nothing. and you you
would grab some sticks
and and make them into bows and arrows
and and and y'all don't know what I'm
talking about. You would you would make
some castles out of rocks or or sand.
One year I had a magnifying glass. I was
chasing ants.
Not too long ago, I sent one of my
grandchildren outside to play. I I
bought him a little uh uh motorbike, a
little mud bike, and I sent him outside
to play. He played for a minute or two
and Yeah. And then he whled back around
and went back in the house and got on
his iPad.
And I thought, don't you want to play
outside? But see, he was raised inside
in comfort, in air conditioning with
iPads, and he knew how to run the iPad,
but he didn't know much about
withstanding heat.
Is there Is there anybody in here that
knows something about withstanding heat?
See, people who live in a hot house
don't cook till it's late at night.
That's why we started cooking oven. We
start cooking turkeys at night cuz it
was too hot during the day to heat up
the house, cooking a turkey or baking a
cake or doing it. So, your mama did all
the baking at night when the house had
cooled down. Y'all don't understand
that, brother. I have to explain this to
you. This was before Jiffy Cornbread.
This was before Quick Grits. We We just
We just made do with what we had and
went on about our business. These
children that I'm preaching about, they
was like me. They They was out there in
the wilderness. I played in the
wilderness with sticks and stones. I
played in the creek bed pulling rocks
out of creeks and trying to catch
salamanders and and y'all don't know
what I'm talking about. I I I played
with boxes and and and caught toads and
brought them back home to mama and c
brought a turtle back in the house. That
those were my toys that I played with
cuz I was raised in the wilderness.
Now, it's hard to hurt somebody that's
been raised in the wilderness.
>> Because when you've been raised in the
wilderness, what would send other people
back home, you can take it. All you got
to do is default back to where you came
from and say, "I'm going to be all
right." Somebody said, "How could you
preach in the church for two years and
it was empty?" I said, "Oh, there was no
problem. I was raised preaching in a
church that didn't have no people.
If I had seven people, it was a big
crowd.
We might have had 30 people on Easter
counting pregnant people and dead folks.
And And I know how to make the best out
of a bad situation.
And and and I and I'm not ashamed of
that. I'm not ashamed of that. That's
given me uh uh stickuitedness,
>> stab stability that's given me fight and
drive and tenacity that's given me a
certain relentlessness
that's given me an attitude. I don't
have to have a Hammond B3. I can have a
upright piano with a microphone stuck
down in it tied to a amplifier and stomp
my foot and still praise the Lord. I
could have a triangle and a washboard
and start praising the Lord with a
washboard. And we would bring down more
glory with a washboard than you all do
with all this technology you got right
now. I don't have to have I can be in my
house. I can be in my living room. I can
be in my car with no music at all and
get happy all by myself. I can get happy
in the bathtub. I can start speaking in
tongues in my car cuz I I wasn't raised
with all of this fancy stuff. I I I was
raised where the praises of God was in
your mouth and you didn't have to plug
it up. It would just come out of your
out of your belly would flow rivers.
So the children of Israel were were were
adjusting to to the heat of the desert.
They they were used to being slaves.
They didn't like it, but they were used
to it. They had had 400 years of it,
which is 10 generations.
10 generations
of slavery. And they asked God to
deliver them. And sometimes we ask God
to deliver us and we think that
deliverance is going to be comfortable.
>> But deliverance was not comfortable.
Pharaoh was chasing them,
>> trying to get them back. Deliverance
brought them to the Red Sea,
>> a stoppable place.
>> They got to a stoppable place being
delivered.
>> Some of you have asked God to deliver
you and now you're at a stoppable place,
but you don't understand that God's
miracles are generally instoppable
places.
And so Moses being a young leader
himself, not having had much experience
leading people, not being familiar with
people that he's related to, is trying
to lead them through a stoppable place.
And he says, "God, what am I going to
do? Pharaoh is behind me and the
mountains are on either side of me and
we have no weapons. I got a bunch of
farmers with me and they're murmuring
against me." And God said to him, "What
is that in your hand?"
>> So God had given him, now let me go
back. Pharaoh had 400 chosen chariots.
That was the best fleet he had for
warfare. They were riding on chariots
and horses with swords and shields. And
God gave Moses a stick.
God must have a sense of humor. And and
God said it like he had a a nuclear bomb
or something. What is that in your hand?
He He said it like it was an atomic
bomb. What is that in your hand? Moses
said, "I got a stick." God said, "Lift
up what you got." Touch somebody and
say, "Lift up what you got."
Don't wait for things to get better.
Don't wait for things to get nice. Don't
wait for you to have confidence in your
weapon. If you don't have nothing but a
stick, lift up the stick. Moses is just
learning what the stick will do. He has
practiced a little bit in the
wilderness. He's done done a few things
with with Jethro out in the wilderness
where God was showing him how to work
what he had. Sometimes God will put you
in isolation to teach you how to work
what you got.
He He'll give you a dress rehearsal, a
practice. And and God had told Moses,
"Put your hand in in your bosom and it
came out white as snow. Pour out water
and it turned to blood." He said, "Throw
down your stick and it turned to a
serpent. Grab the serpent by the tail
and it turned to a stick." See, I lost
right then. Cuz when God said, "Grab the
serpent by the tail." The the miracle
would have been over right then. Okay?
But but but but grab the serpent by the
tail and it turned into a stick. So he
has a weapon that he is still learning
how to use.
So fast forward when he comes down to
the Red Sea, God is still examining,
trying to get him to examine what is in
his hand. He said, "Lord, I got this rod
in my hand." He says, "Stretch forth the
rod, Lord. The Pharaoh's coming."
and he's got chariots and and I can hear
the hoof prints galloping behind me. God
said, "I don't care about what you hear
in your senses.
Obey my word and stretch forth what's in
your hand." I'm preaching to somebody
already. I don't know who it is. Your
senses are telling you one thing, but
your spirit is telling you something
else. And so Moses stretched forth his
rod, just nothing but a stick. And the
Bible said that the waters parted this
way and that way. And he made the waters
stand at attention. And when Moses
stepped down into the when he stepped
down into the Red Sea, he stepped down
into dry ground.
Y'all didn't get that.
See, you still stuck at the fact that
the water stood up. You don't You
haven't even gotten to the fact that who
dried up the land that was sitting up
under the water. Will God not drive the
land for you and make a way out of now
way and put you in a position that he'll
make your pathway smooth? He'll make
your p I wish I had a witness where God
made something smooth that you thought
was going to be hard and God brought
them through on dry ground. Having
brought them through on dry ground, God
now has them in a position where they
come out on the other side. By the time
Pharaoh gets to uh the Red Sea, the
walls are collapsing. The dry ground has
turned to mud and they are drowning in
the Red Sea.
>> They are drowning in what you walk
through.
>> I said they are drowning in what you
walk through. They they are drowning in
what you walk through. And ma'am, you
know what she did? She started she
grabbed a tambourine
and I wish somebody had one. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. She grabbed a tambourine and
started doing like that.
Yeah. She start beating her tambourine
like that. See, praise is a weapon.
And and the more she beat the
tambourine,
the more Pharaoh's army drowned in the
Red Sea. Y'all don't hear what I'm
talking to you about. Glory to God. If
you would just start praising God over
them bills, God would drown them bills
in dry ground. If you would start
praising God in the hospital, I know
they going to think you're crazy, but if
you just just give that tambourine a
couple of taps in there, God would do
something with that cancer. He would
move that tumor. He would shrink that
disease. Cuz greater is he that is in
you than he that is in the world. I wish
I had a witness in here. You didn't have
nothing but a praise. But while you were
praising God, don't you know while
you're praising God, God is drowning
your enemies.
If you knew what I'm talking about, you
would dance right where you are. Cuz
when when you start praising God, devils
start growling. When you start praising
God, bodies get healed. When you start
praising God, God starts opening doors.
We're not just dancing to be dancing. We
in a fight. I I'm not dancing cuz I got
new shoes. I'll kick off my shoes and
dance barefooted cuz I'm in a fight.
Anybody in a fight?
Give them about 15 seconds of warfare
praise.
Oh,
warfare.
Warfare in this place. Warfare in the
balcony. Warfare in the back. Warfare in
this place. I'm going to dance
while the devil drowns.
I'm going to dance
while it drowns.
And God brought them through.
>> The Bible said he brought them through
on eagle's wings.
>> He He gave them first class service. He
brought them through on eagle's wings.
Now they have made it through the
desert. They have survived slavery. They
went in slaves and came out sons.
Y'all didn't hear that.
They went in slaves and came out sons.
They were baptized unto Moses in the
cloud and under the sea. There was a
cloud above them. There was water all
around it. God calls it baptism. Some of
the things you call trouble, God calls
baptism.
>> And they come out on the other side and
the problem is
they're in the wilderness. And since
they're in the wilderness and they're
thirsty
now, you've been a slave.
>> You've had to make bricks with no straw.
>> You built pyramids and had all kind of
warfare. And now you're complaining
because you're thirsty.
>> And they chided against Moses. Thirsty
people are angry people.
I want to drive that in real deep. I
realize I said it before, but I'm going
to say it again. Thirsty people are
angry people. Sometimes, even if you
give them some water, it will not stop
the anger. Because the the the thirst is
not coming for the lack of water. The
thirst is coming because they are angry
people. They're frustrated people. And
they'll take it out on you because they
need something to bring. I was studying
on the human brain and the study that I
was reading said the human brain if it
cannot find a reason to explain the
turmoil will make up a reason because it
needs to rationalize to you why you are
going through what you're going through.
So you can't even trust what you're
thinking sometimes because sometimes
you're thinking just so you'll have
something to be mad at.
You you'll be mad at the immigrants.
You'll be mad at white people. You'll be
mad at black people. You'll be mad at
short people. You'll be mad at fat
people. You'll be mad at anybody to
explain why you're there. Therefore, for
you feel justified to be in your
condition because you have blamed
somebody for that condition. So, they
blame Moses. It it wasn't Moses' job to
get them some water, but they blamed
Moses for bringing them out there where
there was no water. And God Moses cried
out to God and said, "Why are the people
chiding me?
Why are they chiding me? Why are they
chiding against you?" And God told
Moses, "I'm going to show you something
else. I'm going to do something with
your stick that's never been done
before."
And the Lord told me to come here and
tell you this morning that he's going to
do something with your stick that's
never been
been done before. There is a
relationship set up in this text that is
a preview
of Calvary between the stone and the
stick.
you you can't see it cuz it's in the
shadows, but there's something there
between the stone and the stick.
Deliverance always happens whenever you
see a stone or a stick. There's
something about the way God moves
through a stone or a stick. And he has a
way of opening up a door. So he told
him, "Take the stick and hit the rock
and water is going to come out.
I've been showing you a little bit about
your stick, but let me show you a little
something about your rod. Let me tell
you something. God did all kinds of
stuff with with with rocks.
David picked up rocks, smooth stones out
the riverbank and killed Goliath with a
rock. He didn't have a sword or a
shield. All he had was a rock. Jacob
laid his head down on a rock and the
heavens opened up. I'm talking about
what God can do with a rock. God has a
way of doing things with rocks that will
blow your mind. The these these weapons
of our warfare are not carnal, but
they're mighty through God. It's not
normal for water to come out of a rock.
But God has a way that if you take the
stick and you take the rock, it brings
water out of the rock. And all through
the Bible, this pattern continues over
and over again. We see God delivering
his people with rocks and with sticks.
We see God opening up doors and making
ways. We see God moving mountains. We
see God opening up revelations. In fact,
we see God as a rock. The Bible said he
is the chief cornerstone. Oh, y'all
don't hear what I'm saying.
Elijah slept on it. David threw it.
Moses hid in it. God said, "Moses, get
over in the rock, and I'm going to cause
my glory to pass before you." Jonathan
climbed through the rock to fight the
enemy. Solomon took the rock and built
the temple. The spies climbed over the
rock. The Hebrews shouted till the rocks
came tumbling down. The Pharaohs dropped
their The Pharisees dropped their rocks.
Y'all don't hear me. Lazarus leaped out
of the rock. God has a way of doing
things with rocks that you don't even
understand. And when you take the stick
and you put it with the rock, water's
going to come out. Touch your neighbor
and say, "Water is about to come out.
This whole pew is about to get wet. This
whole pew is about to get wet. this this
this this this resurrection Sunday
because what God did on Calvary is
foreshadowed in the Old Testament. If
you think about the resurrection story,
it is really a story about a stick and a
stone.
It's just a story about a stick and a
stone. Let me show you in Genesis. The
Bible said that Abraham took his son,
his only son, Isaac, and he put on him
the wood. That's the stick. And he took
the stick and brought it to a stone and
built an altar with a stick and a stone.
Genesis 22 is a picture of Calvary. What
God can do with a stick and a stone.
Like Isaac carried the wood, Jesus
carried the cross. But the cross was
just a stick. And the Bible said,
I'm about to feel like preaching in a
minute. And the Bible said
that Jesus understood the power of the
stick. So no man took his life. He laid
it down. But he laid it down on a stick.
He He knew the power of the stick. All
through the Old Testament, it has taught
us the power of the stick. Elijah sent a
stick down to the widow's house to heal
her son. There's power in the stick. So
Jesus laid down on the stick and they
hung him high
and they stretched him wide and the
Bible said they drove a nail into his
wrist on the right side and the left
side that they took a spike and drove it
through both feet symbolizing the Jew
and the Gentile coming together up under
one gospel and they nailed him to the
cross. But that ain't the bad part. If
they' have left the cross laying down, I
wouldn't have been saved. But they
messed up when they lifted it up. Cuz
the Bible said, "If I be lifted up from
the earth, I'll draw men unto me."
If you're getting something out of this,
give him a little praise.
They hung him from the 6th to the 9th
hour. They hung him till he hung his
head in the locks of his shoulders and
died. They hung him until graves all
over Jerusalem begin to open up. They
hung him until the veil in the temple
was rent from the top to the bottom.
They hung him to the Old Testament
fainted over into the New Testament.
They hung him until the law was
fulfilled. They hung him. Oh, didn't
they hang him? They hung him. Oh, yeah.
Yes. They hung him. And they hung him
till he just gave over to death. He
submitted to death. The death of the
cross. And he died
for your sins. I'm not talking about the
sins you testify about. I'm talking
about the sins you don't tell nobody
about. He died for your secret sins. He
died for your private sins. He died for
your personal sin. That's why God
doesn't understand when you can come out
on Easter and not praise God. Because he
knows that you know what he did in your
life. He knows what the church folk
don't know that happened to you when you
was a child. He died for a little bit of
this. And he died for a little bit of
that. And he died till it was over. And
he died till it was finished. And he
died until he said, "Tell Celesti, it is
finished." Slap your neighbor and say,
"It is finished."
You can talk about it, but it's
finished. You can bring it up, but it's
finished. You can roll your eyes, but
it's finished. You can post postage, but
it's finished. When God finishes
something, it is finished. Don't expect
me to walk around with my head down
because I know it's finished. Expect my
head to be up. Expect my back to be
straight cuz I know it's finished. I can
come boldly to the throne of grace and
find mercy to help me in the time of
need cuz it is finished. I can get in
the house of God and shout like I didn't
do what I know I did cuz it is finished.
I wish I had about a hundred people that
knew what I was talking about.
You got to praise him cuz you know what
he did for you. You know how he
delivered you. You know how he set you
free. Grab your neighbor one time and
say, "When I think of the goodness, when
I just think about it, when I just think
about it, when I think about where he
brought me from, when I think about
domestic violence, when I think about
child abuse, when I think about agony,
when I think about eating tomato
sandwiches, when I think about eating
mayonnaise sandwiches, when I think
about the hell he brought me through MY
SOUL.
MY SOUL,
MY SOUL
CRIED OUT, HALLELUJAH.
THANK GOD.
THANK GOD for saving me. Oh, I'm almost
finished now. I'm not going to take up
much time, but I feel something pushing
me in the back. I feel something
stirring in my soul. The Bible said that
he borrowed a grave from Joseph of Arma.
But let me understand something here.
Anytime you borrow something, you don't
plan to stay there. He borrowed it cuz
he only was going to use it for three
days. When I came to earth on June 9th,
1957,
I borrowed this body cuz I didn't plan
to stay here. For I know if this earthly
house or tabernacle shall be the Lord, I
got another building eternal in the
heavens somewhere
over in glory. I already understand
somebody's going to drive my car.
Somebody's going to wear my clothes.
Somebody's going to sleep in my bed, but
that's all right cuz I just borrowed it.
I've got a mansion
over in glory and it's mine.
Yes, it's mine. I got a mansion
somewhere beyond the Jordan and it's
mine. Yes, it's mine. They took Jesus to
a bar tomb and they rolled the stone in
front of him and they left him there all
day Thursday, all day Friday,
all day Saturday, but Sunday morning.
Yes.
>> Sunday morning.
Sunday morning, Michael. Sunday morning.
Sunday morning.
HE GOT UP
>> OUT of the grave.
Yes, he did. He got up out of the grave.
I never could understand how he would
later appear in a gardener's suit. He
didn't get to go to the store. He didn't
get to stitch anything. But when he rose
from the dead, he spoke him some clothes
into existence. I couldn't understand
how he could walk around in the grave
because they wrapped him in 1in strips
of linen. And you remember Lazarus had
to be loosed. But who loosed Jesus? He
loosed himself. He set himself free. He
spoke him a new code into existence and
he was walking around in the grave. But
it didn't stop there because it's not
enough to get out of your grave clothes.
It's not enough to wake up out the
grave. If you're still stuck behind the
stone and as I get ready to close, some
of you have been resurrected, but you've
been living behind the stone. A stone of
doubt, a stone of poverty, a stone of
insecurity, a stone of pride, a stone of
lust. But the Lord said, "I'm getting
ready to roll the stone out of the way."
I know you're in there. You've been in
there a long time trying to praise me
behind a stone, but I'm going to roll
the stone out of your way. Slap your
neighbor and say, "Get out of my way. I
got to get up out of this grave. I've
got to get up out of this depression. I
got to get up out of this state I'm in.
I've got to get up out of this
situation. I'm tired
of walking around in depression. I'm
going to roll the stone away.
Hallelujah.
Is there anybody that's got faith in the
room?
I want you to take your faith and just
roll the stone out of your way. God's
getting ready to roll the stone out of
your way. He's getting ready to move it
out of your way so that you can come out
of the grave. And when you come out of
the grave, you ought to come out
praising God. You ought to come out
giving God the glory. You ought to come
out lifting him up. They nail you to a
stick. They hid you behind a stoneh. But
God's going to bring you out of
everything they had you locked up
behind. Who am I preaching to? Somebody
that I'm preaching to. Take about 30
seconds and start leaping in the
presence of God.
Start leaping.
Start leaving
till the stone knows he can't hold you.
Start leaping till the sickness knows
you got to turn me loose. Start leaving
till depression comes out of your body.
Start leaving till suicide leaves your
spirit. Start leaping till you get a new
joy. Start leaping till you get a new
dance. Start leaping uh leap your way
out. If you can't leave, then crawl. If
you can't call, then walk. But touch
seven people and say, "I got to get out
of here. I got to get out of here. I got
to get out of here. I've been down too
long. I got to get out of here. There's
a power that's pulling me out of my
situation. Ain't no grave going to hold
my body down. Gravity can't hold me
down. Enemies can't hold me down.
Situations can't hold me down. Death
can't hold me down. When God says get
up, I'm going to get up. I'm going to
get up. And the nails can't hold me. I'm
going to get up and the grave can't hold
me. I'm going to get up and your stairs
can't hold me. I'm going to get up. Roll
your eyes, but I'm still going to get
up. Break your notes, but I'm still
going to get up. Lord,
I feel something about to break loose in
this place. If I had a hundred radical
people that made up your mind, you're
not going to take it anymore. If I had a
hundred radical people that would give
God the praise, something would break in
here this morning.
Something would break in here this
morning. Something would break in here
this morning. He's stronger than
witchcraft. He's stronger than roots.
He's stronger than Satan. He's stronger
than the enemy. He's stronger than
trouble. He's stronger than turmoil.
He's stronger than disease. He's
stronger than sickness. Whatever you
need from the Lord. He's stronger than
that. You ought to break loose from your
bands and give God the praise. Uh leap
up and say he's stronger.
He's stronger.
He's stronger. He's stronger. He's
stronger. I've been down too long. He's
stronger.
He's stronger.
He's stronger. He's stronger. I don't
know what you're going to do on your
pew, but as for me, I'm going to praise
the Lord right in this pew. I'm going to
give him a praise right in this balcony.
I'm going to praise him cuz something's
about to break. Get a lock of my hair,
but you can't curse me. Get my DNA, but
you can't stop me. Talk about me, but
you can't stop me. Because when God
says, "Get up, ain't nothing for me to
do but
>> but
Get out.
>> Grab your neighbor by the hand and say,
"Neighbor, get up. Get up. God still
wants to use you. Get up. God's got
something he wants to do. Get up. He
still wants to anoint you. Get up. He's
got a plan for your life. I'm about to
take my seat. But for the next three
minutes, I want the wild radical. Don't
care what I got on folks to give God a
praise. I'm going to give you about
three minutes to find a way to get up
out of your grave. Throw your stone
away. Pull your nail down your fingers
and give God the praise. On your mark,
on your mind,
get set.
Go.
Go,
go,
go.
I got to get up.
>> I got to get up.
Get up. Get up. Get up. Get up. out of
that grave. Get them get them out of
that grave. Get them. Get them. Get
them. Get them out of that grave. Get
them. Get them. Get them. Get them out
of that grave. Get them. Get them. Get
them. Get them out of that grave. Get
them. Get them. Get them. Get them out
of that grave. Get them. Get them. Get
them. Get them out of that grave. Get
them. Get them.
>> YOU GOT ONE MINUTE.
>> You got one minute left.
You got one minute left to give God the
praise. You got 45 seconds uh to give
God the praise. You got 40 seconds to
stop worrying about these people and
break loose. This is your Sunday to
break loose. You got 30 seconds uh to
break everything that held you,
EVERYTHING THAT TIED YOU UP. 20 seconds
to give God the glory. I can't hear you.
4 3
Give him a praise.
Glory.
>> Give him a praise.
>> Glory.
Glory to your name. Oh God.
The only thing worse
than being in the grave
is to be resurrected
and can't get out.
To have the knowhow
and the knowledge
But you can't get out. You walk so far
and you run into something and you have
to go back.
>> And the enemy's got you convinced
that that stone in your life
cannot be rolled
away. I don't know what kind of stone it
is. It might be a stone of depression.
It might be a stone of fear.
>> It may be a stone of PTSD,
>> but you hit it every time you try
>> to get out.
And some of you have decided, I'm just
going to live
in the tomb.
>> But God said no.
God said no.
Lift your hands for a moment and worship
him.
>> All over this room.
Worship him in spirit and in truth.
I see you here on Sunday.
Glad to have you.
>> But let's get real for a minute.
That stone that's in your life
need not stay in your life.
That stone that's in your house
need not stay in your house.
Lift your hands.
Open your mouth.
And if you do like the Egyptians did and
cry unto God,
>> he'll move everything out of your way
>> to deliver you. You might be watching
online, but God will move everything out
of your way
to deliver you.
Some of you live behind a rock of pride.
>> And your pride has stopped so many
blessings from coming in your life.
And you hold on to it for dear life
because all you've ever done was live
behind the wall
>> of your image.
But if you give up your image this
morning,
>> if you get sick and tired of being sick
and tired,
>> if you get to the point that you want to
come out of that grave
early in the morning, the women came
down to the tomb to get Jesus where he
used to be.
And the angels
sitting on the stone said, "He is not
here.
He is risen." I can just imagine people
coming to where you used to be.
And and the angel says, "She not here.
She's not here. She's not here. She I
know the girl you're talking about, but
she's not here. I know the woman you're
talking about, but she's not here. I
know that brother you're talking about,
but he's not here. He has
risen.
>> I cut my message short because I'm led
of the Lord to pray for somebody who
wants to rise up out of it.
who seriously means
I'm tired of walking around in this tomb
surrounded by corpses.
I go out to eat with them. I go out to
party with them. They come over my
house.
I'm tired of being around dead things.
>> I'm not talking about them. I don't mean
no harm against them, but I'm I know
better
>> cuz he's done too much in my life.
for me
to live another day
>> in the tombs.
If you're in this room
>> and you want out bad enough not to care
about your image,
>> you want out bad enough to increase your
parameters,
>> enlarge your borders,
>> to have the abundant life that Jesus
died
>> for you to have life.
>> He didn't die for you to have church.
He died for you to have life.
>> He died for you to have life.
You're existing, but you're not living.
>> How many birthdays you think you going
to have?
>> How many more Christmases you think
you're going to have?
>> You're wasting time.
He said, "The day you hear my voice,
>> hard and not your heart,
>> this Sunday morning,
I don't care who's standing beside you.
Tell them, move out of my way.
I can't let you be a stone at a moment
that God is trying to work something out
in my life. And I'm coming if I got to
come out the balcony.
I'm coming if I got to come down the
steps. I'm coming if I got to come out
of the corner. I'm coming if I got to
come with liquor on my breath. I'm
coming if I was smoking a joint last
night. I'm coming this morning because I
want a change in my life.
Touch your neighbor. Tell them stones go
roll this morning.
Stones are going to roll this morning.
They're going to roll.
this morning.
>> They're going to roll this morning.
>> It's God's job to call
And it's your job to answer.
>> Now God is doing his job.
>> Why don't you do yours?
Come on. I'll wait on you.
You're not going to use me as no excuse.
Come on.
Hallelujah.
>> Let me let me let me let me let me let
me let me let me make this real clear so
you can understand it.
>> When I go into prayer, it's going to be
too late for you to come.
This this space we got right here is a
grace space.
>> Grace don't last always.
>> Shall we continue in sin that grace may
abound?
>> God forbid.
For if we are buried in the likeness of
his death,
we shall be also in the likeness of his
resurrection.
And you had he quickened who were dead
in the trespasses of sin. He gave you
new life.
He gave you something that the drug
dealer can't give you,
that your chick on the side can't give
you.
He gave you something that nobody else
can give you.
>> And I want you to come.
>> It's a grace space.
This is the space
that proves that you can't go to heaven
and I mean go and stand before God and
say I never got a chance.
This is your opportunity.
There is nothing in your life,
on your life
or in your past
that God cannot forgive.
There is nothing on your mind,
no matter how hideous or dark it might
be,
>> that the word can't penetrate
and change your life. There is nothing,
there is nothing
that's hindering you. He will roll that
stone.
>> He will roll that habit.
right out of your way.
And there's nothing out there. There's
nothing out there but trouble and they
want to come home.
At the Potter's House, we are invested
in you. Not just what you do, but who
you're becoming.
>> We believe that in this house, we are
better together. We need one another to
be holy, to hold each other accountable,
and to keep growing.
>> As God positions us to serve every soul,
we believe that an act of sowing is an
act of faith and agreement right where
God is speeding up. And we're honored
that we get to partner with you in
reaching lives near and far. This is
your official invitation to not just be
a spectator, but to be a partner. Be a
member of our family that seeks kingdom
solutions during the challenges of every
season.
>> Amen. Your giving, your service, and
your love to this house isn't just
generosity, it's ministry. If this
message spoke to you and you believe
what God is doing in this house, we
invite you to become a member today. We
want to do life with you and share this
message with someone you care about,
someone who needs it the most. I believe
that it could be the catalyst for the
breakthrough that they're seeking. No
matter where you are, remember, God sees
you. He loves you and so do we.